Add docs for explore page tabs (#1694)
kartoza/sawps: docs/src/user/manual/explore/filters.md

---

> # Filter Side Panel Documentation
> # Map Tab Filter Panel Overview
> 
> > **Disclaimer:** Please read the following information carefully. The screenshots may vary slightly due to various user roles on the platform.
> 
> The filter side panel allows users to refine and narrow down data based on specific criteria. There are different types of filters are available for customisation.
> The filter side panel enhances the user experience by allowing them to focus on specific subsets of data based on their preferences, making it easier to analyse and work with the dataset effectively.

Reviewer: There should only be one level 1 heading per file, and also maybe rearrange things like:
```suggestion
# Filter Side Panel Documentation

> **Disclaimer:** Please read the following information carefully. The screenshots may vary slightly due to various user roles on the platform.

The filter side panel allows users to refine and narrow down data based on specific criteria. There are different types of filters are available for customisation.

## Map Tab Filter Panel Overview

The filter side panel enhances the user experience by allowing them to focus on specific subsets of data based on their preferences, making it easier to analyse and work with the dataset effectively.
```

    ![Organisation filter](./img/filters-4.png)

1. **Selecting All Organisations:** To view data from all organisations, simply check the "Select All" option within the Organisation Filter.
2. **Selecting Individual Organisations:** To filter data for specific organisations, a user can follow these steps:
    * Uncheck the "Select All" option if it is selected.
    * A list of available organisations will be displayed.
    * Check the checkboxes next to the organisations the user wants to include in the filter.
3. **Cross Icon:** Click on the `Cross` icon to clear organisation filter.

#### 5. Property Filter

* **Filter Description:** The property filter helps users filter data based on properties. This filter is dependent on the organisation filter.
It means the options will be based on the selected organisations.
* **Usage:** Select a property from the available options to view data related to that property.
* **Permission:** The `can view property filter` permission must be added to the group on the admin page,
to allow the user group (e.g. `National data scientist`) to see the property filter.

    ![Property filter](./img/filters-6.png)

> 1. **Property Filter:** In the property filter, all properties are initially selected as the default setting. Users have the freedom to handpick a property of their choice. If a user is associated with multiple organisations, the filter intelligently displays a list of properties aligned with the selected organisation, ensuring a tailored and organisation-specific selection experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Property Filter:** In the property filter, all properties are initially selected as the default setting. Users have the freedom to hand-pick a property of their choice. If a user is associated with multiple organisations, the filter intelligently displays a list of properties aligned with the selected organisation, ensuring a tailored and organisation-specific selection experience.
```

* **Usage:** Filter data based on an activity type.

    ![Activity filter](./img/filters-12.png)

1. **Activity Filter:** All activities are selected by default. Users can choose the activities of their choice.

#### 4. Organisation Filter

* **Filter Description:** This filter allows users to filter data according to the organisation.
* **Usage:** Select an organisation from the dropdown menu to filter data specific to that organisation.
* **Permission:** Users associated with more than one organisation or those with `National data scientist` and `Regional data scientist` group permissions can view this filter.

    ![Organisation filter](./img/filters-13.png)

1. **Organisation Filter:** All organisation are selected by default. Users can choose the organisation of their choice.

#### 5. Property Filter

* **Filter Description:** The property filter helps users filter data based on properties. This filter is dependent on the organisation filter.
It means the options will be based on the selected organisations.
* **Usage:** Select a property from the available options to view data related to that property.

    ![Property filter](./img/filters-14.png)

> 1. **Property Filter:** In the property filter, all properties are initially selected as the default setting. Users have the freedom to handpick a property of their choice. If a user is associated with multiple organisations, the filter intelligently displays a list of properties aligned with the selected organisation, ensuring a tailored and organisation-specific selection experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Property Filter:** In the property filter, all properties are initially selected as the default setting. Users have the freedom to hand-pick a property of their choice. If a user is associated with multiple organisations, the filter intelligently displays a list of properties aligned with the selected organisation, ensuring a tailored and organisation-specific selection experience.
```

* **Usage:** Filter data based on an activity type.

    ![Activity filter](./img/filters-12.png)

1. **Activity Filter:** All activities are selected by default. Users can choose the activities of their choice.

#### 3. Organisation Filter

* **Filter Description:** This filter allows users to filter data according to the organisation.
* **Usage:** Select an organisation from the dropdown menu to filter data specific to that organisation.
* **Permission:** Users associated with more than one organisation or those with `National data scientist` and `Regional data scientist` group permissions can view this filter.

    ![Organisation filter](./img/filters-13.png)

1. **Organisation Filter:** All organisation are selected by default. Users can choose the organisation of their choice.

#### 4. Property Filter

* **Filter Description:** The property filter helps users filter data based on properties. This filter is dependent on the organisation filter.
It means the options will be based on the selected organisations.
* **Usage:** Select a property from the available options to view data related to that property.

    ![Property filter](./img/filters-14.png)

> 1. **Property Filter:** In the property filter, all properties are initially selected as the default setting. Users have the freedom to handpick a property of their choice. If a user is associated with multiple organisations, the filter intelligently displays a list of properties aligned with the selected organisation, ensuring a tailored and organisation-specific selection experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Property Filter:** In the property filter, all properties are initially selected as the default setting. Users have the freedom to hand-pick a property of their choice. If a user is associated with multiple organisations, the filter intelligently displays a list of properties aligned with the selected organisation, ensuring a tailored and organisation-specific selection experience.
```

2. **Single-Select Functionality:** The Species Filter allows the user to select only one species at a time. If the user selects a different species, the filter will replace the previous selection with the newly chosen species.

#### 2. Organisation Filter

* **Filter Description:** This filter allows users to filter data according to the organisation.
* **Usage:** Select an organisation from the dropdown menu to filter data specific to that organisation.
* **Permission:** Users associated with more than one organisation or those with `National data scientist` and `Regional data scientist` group permissions can view this filter.

    ![Organisation filter](./img/filters-13.png)

1. **Organisation Filter:** All organisation are selected by default. Users can choose the organisation of their choice.

#### 3. Property Filter

* **Filter Description:** The property filter helps users filter data based on properties. This filter is dependent on the organisation filter.
It means the options will be based on the selected organisations.
* **Usage:** Select a property from the available options to view data related to that property.

    ![Property filter](./img/filters-14.png)

> 1. **Property Filter:** In the property filter, all properties are initially selected as the default setting. Users have the freedom to handpick a property of their choice. If a user is associated with multiple organisations, the filter intelligently displays a list of properties aligned with the selected organisation, ensuring a tailored and organisation-specific selection experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Property Filter:** In the property filter, all properties are initially selected as the default setting. Users have the freedom to hand-pick a property of their choice. If a user is associated with multiple organisations, the filter intelligently displays a list of properties aligned with the selected organisation, ensuring a tailored and organisation-specific selection experience.
```
